Very few major changes have been made to SiNCO this time around, thus the
'a'
designator on the version number.  Most of the changes are fixes and
modifications to existing code.

The most notable change with this release is the addition of a little
function
that should do well to eliminate the need for a map: the Forbidden Isle
Routing
Map (FIRM).  If you try to .go to a room that isn't joined to your current
room, SiNCO will tell you the best route to take to get there.  It will
even
steer you around locked rooms.  If there isn't a viable route to the
destination, it will tell you so.

Telnet option negotiation, however, is one of the other new additions to
the
code.  If your client is a telnet compatible application and will support
option negotiation, then SiNCO will be able to determine your window size
dynamically.  This means that your rows and cols settings are set
automatically
when you log in and will be updated every time you change the window size. 
Plans for supporting specific emulation functions are also in the works.

As a result of this, SiNCO can now automatically wrap text for you.  If
you
find this annoying, simply change your columns to 256 after you log in,
and
don't resize your window.  A new setting will be added to turn off the
word
wrap if enough complaints are received about it.

Bot support has been revised to a more flavourful format and an alternate
method of interaction for users to direct commands to bots have been
added. 
Multiple bots are also now supported without code changes.

Minor fixes were made to the midnight check, string loading, file paging
and
text outputting functions.

Changes as of April 20, 1998
============================

In order to allow those using GMud to get around the inability for GMud to
transmit blank lines, the action of the multiple screen paging prompt has
been
changed.  To page forward, those of you with GMud can now enter C to page
forward.  The blank line does work the same so those without GMud don't
have 
to change a thing.

Three administrative commands have been added: .grant, .revoke and .load.
The
.grant and .revoke commands will allow the wizards the ability to give 
temporary access or denial to any of the commands in SiNCO.  The .load
command
allows for shell editing and online reloading of the talker's commands,
ranks, 
socials and strings.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There have been a number of notable changes that have been introduced with
this new version.  Please consult the help pages to get more detail on how
to use new or revised commands.

Colour/Color
============
Seeing as how there's been some confusion about the right spelling of
colo(u)r
after moving from JOOT, both spellings will work on any of the colour
commands.

codes.  No terminating caret is necessary, nor are the @@ that some
believe
are required.

The .set hi command has been replace with .set cmode which allows users
to change the colour palette to use.  Some users have troubles seeing 16
colours in their telnet application, so this option modifies which ANSI
colour
codes are sent.

.cmail, .csent, .wipe, .wwipe, .gwipe, .swipe
=============================================
The message selection routines for these commands have been changed.  The
old
method was kinda clunky, and there was no verification on board wipes.  
Messages can now be selected individually and by ranges, and the talker
will
will prompt you to confirm your selections.

.heartells, .igtells
====================
These commands have been replaced by options of the environmentally
friendly 
.ignore tells and .listen tells commands.

Be aware that .ignore all will now turn tells off as well.


.ignore wizent, .listen wizent
==============================
Allows the user to enable or disable the beep when a wizard enters the
room.

.hilite
=======
This command was removed.  Isn't typing ^Hi quicker than typing .hi Hi?

.woohoo, .doh
=============
Well, you asked for it and now you got it.  The old JOOT-style .woohoo is
back
and it seems it's brought a friend.

